Maintenance, support for Wagtail 6.2, format with ruff, switch to `pyproject.toml` (#87)
wagtail-nest/wagtail-ab-testing: README.md

[![Build status](https://github.com/wagtail-nest/wagtail-ab-testing/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/wagtail-nest/wagtail-ab-testing/actions/workflows/test.yml)
[![codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/wagtail-nest/wagtail-ab-testing?style=flat)](https://codecov.io/gh/wagtail-nest/wagtail-ab-testing)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/wagtail-ab-testing.svg?style=flat)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/wagtail-ab-testing/)
[![Monthly downloads](https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/wagtail-ab-testing.svg?logo=Downloads)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/wagtail-ab-testing/)

Wagtail A/B Testing is an A/B testing package for Wagtail that allows users to create and manage A/B tests on pages through the Wagtail admin.

Key features:

-   Create an A/B test on any page from within Wagtail
-   Tests using page revisions (no need to create separate pages for the variants)
-   It prevents users from editing the page while a test is in progress
-   Calculates confidence using a Pearson's chi-squared test

[Changelog](https://github.com/torchbox/wagtail-ab-testing/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md)

## Usage

> Wagtail A/B Testing works with Django 3.2+, Wagtail 4.1+ on Python 3.9+ environments.

Reviewer: **Suggestion**: we're testing with Wagtail 5.2 and up, so I think we should update the README too.

```suggestion
Wagtail A/B Testing works with Django 3.2+, Wagtail 5.2+ on Python 3.9+ environments.
```
